hey guys welcome back to the channel so
what do you do if you find out that a
laptop you stole belongs to dangerous
cyber criminals
and now they're coming to kill you and
all of your friends that's what the
characters and
unfriended dark web get into and in this
video we'll look at how you can stop the
killers and potentially make 10 million
dollars in the process
the movie begins with the startup of a
macbook the login screen appears and
somebody types in a bunch of guesses of
common passwords all of which are wrong
this lets us know that it's probably not
the owner after a short break the cursor
goes to the username which is just an
ominous question mark upon seeing this
the same thing is entered as the
password which gets him in
immediately a few programs open one of
which is facetime which starts the
camera
this shows us who's on the computer and
it's mattias and his apartment
he found a laptop sitting in a lost and
found in a cafe and took it
and this is already a big mistake not
that he stole the computer we'll get to
that
but the fact that he brings it right
home is a bit problematic
most of you probably know this but
macbooks have the find my mac feature
which allows the owner to track their
computer
relatively easily from another apple
device and this feature is pretty strong
as it seems that even after a normal
factory reset the computer is still
capable of easily being traced but it
seems that if you really want to disable
this feature on a stolen macbook
at least at the time when the movie
takes place there were workarounds for
that
he should look into clearing all the
different types of memory which would
make it much like a brand new device
and untraceable erasing all memory and
resetting the computer would also stop
mathias from getting into any trouble
because it's really what he finds saved
on the computer in the mysterious
untitled folder that leads to things
spiraling out of control
but by deleting all files he would get
rid of that folder as well
so he goes into his google drive and
downloads an app that he's working on
it recognizes words being said and
translates them into sign language
on his facebook page we see that he has
a deaf girlfriend named amaya which
explains the app
he starts a video call with her where he
demonstrates how it works but it's clear
that they're not really getting along so
well as she would much rather have him
learn asl
and the fact that he logs into all of
his social media accounts right away is
a little bit dangerous and he should be
much more careful with a stolen computer
matthias could for example easily use a
vpn
which would already add several layers
of protection and don't worry this is
not a segway into a sponsorship where i
tell you to buy one
but it is possible for hackers to get a
lot of information
including names and addresses over the
internet especially when you're as
careless as mattias
it's also common for hackers to leave
things like usb
sticks out in public with the goal of
people taking them and plugging it in
which allows them to get their
information
so be careful with random bait
technology you find in public
it's best if you just leave it but by
encrypting all the information that he
sends over wifi which as we've seen by
now
includes emails passwords for those
emails facebook and its passwords and
much more he can already add a lot of
security
most vpns are really easy to use and
this might seem a little too simplistic
and it could be
but the hackers that are shown in the
end they don't have every bleeding edge
tool to break all encryption
instead they're merely preying on
extremely careless people like
matthias and he's making it very easy to
track him by having no form of security
like i said if you set up on the stock
apple features like find my mac
you too could easily find him no matter
how little you know about computers
so it's no challenge for the hackers
shortly after he hops on a skype call
with his friends
after some time the computer crashes it
then reopens safari and mathias logs
into the saved facebook account the one
of the real owner
there he sees all the messages this guy
named nora c iv
has been getting and it's all from women
who it looks like we're promised a free
vacation
then he gets a couple of intrusive texts
from someone named erica dunn
these are also to nora he closes safari
and rejoins the skype session
there he messages daemon someone who
knows a little bit more about computers
than him
he asks them how to fix their constant
crashing and daemon says that it's
probably because the storage is full
the tires then tries erasing the big
drive on the desktop that's taking up
almost a thousand gigabytes
but it won't allow him to just drag it
into the trash he quickly enters a few
lines of code which should make it
easier to delete
the desktop then restarts and we see
that the folder is now unlocked
he looks around on it for a little and
sees a bunch of really boring videos
then he just goes back to the skype call
here it's pretty easy for him to avoid
all the trouble that's coming later on
he can simply delete all the files that
he unlocked which would speed up his
computer which i thought was the entire
goal here
he is shortly interrupted by his friends
but it shouldn't be too difficult to
just drag a folder into the trash
unless you have like short-term memory
issues and the contents are totally
boring so who cares
back in the skype call we see that two
of his friends are getting married
this makes him watch a video of him and
amaya when things were much better
he goes on another video called with her
but is interrupted by the mysterious
erica dunn
writing things like i know you're there
and don't ignore me
finally mathias responds which is not a
good idea
these messages for all he knows are not
even meant for him
but for nora c so he could simply log
out of the stranger's facebook account
and disable notifications
now the password is saved but mantis can
simply delete it from the computer
and since he has to reopen facebook a
bunch of times because the computer
keeps crashing
it might not be a bad idea to forget the
guy's password so doesn't keep logging
into the wrong account
this sounds very simple but doing this
could avoid the entire conflict
by the way while he's getting the
messages he has a lot more time to
delete the untitled folder but still
doesn't do it
so he asks erica who she is and gets the
message
i'm the person whose laptop you stole
i'm nora c
after being called out for stealing it
mathias gives up and says that it'll
bring it back to where it was
and this would be a good decision
unfortunately he doesn't follow through
on it he prepares to shut the laptop off
but sees that another person
sent nora a message it just says i'll
pay in advance for something special
this intrigues mathias and he wants to
talk to him here we see how merely
logging out of the stranger's facebook
account would already keep you safe
matthias almost shuts off the laptop
which would end the whole thing
and right then he gets some messages
which keep him on longer
matthias asks him what he wants but only
gets a message that they should talk on
the river
which is this really old chat room where
there's a bunch of users named sharon
mathis asks damon for some help and he
starts sharing a screen on the call
as the group watches what he does damon
lets them know that this program is
most likely used so that no one can
track the users
aj remarks that this is part of the
darknet where many spooky things happen
confused about how we even got to this
chat room lex one of the girls
asked how he really got the laptop he
admits to stealing it and that the real
owner is nora c
which is just sharon spelled backwards
and it's strange that damon
the computer expert among them isn't
alarmed by the fact that matthias took
this random computer that was lying
around in public
he must know what baiting is and should
warn matthias
anyways mathias then begins showing the
contents of the untitled folder and they
all see the videos
daemon reveals that this is what's
called wardrobing which is when hackers
pick up unsecured
and vulnerable wifi signals which can
get them into a stranger's webcam
and something here should worry the
others they see that nora c
is committing crimes by hacking into
people's computers
and the same guy is sending matthias
threatening messages
yet they all still decide that it's a
good idea to investigate further
and don't even consider the possibility
that he might come after them
because they stole his laptop which has
a bunch of incriminating evidence on it
at this point he should probably get rid
of it but he still just keeps scrolling
through the videos
and maybe it's just me but at this point
i don't really understand
why all of his friends want him to keep
the laptop i mean they're stealing from
criminals
then we finally get to the interesting
part matthias opens a file which links
to a blockchain website
there he finds a saved login to a crypto
wallet and decides to check it out
in it he sees 15 000 bitcoin which at
the time is worth around 10 million
dollars
and of course we need to find a way to
take it however if you're in the same
situation as matthias where the computer
is already in your house
you have to leave it since it's not
unreasonable to assume that by now
nora c has his address contact info and
social media passwords
and i'll probably want to come after the
money however if mathias opened the
laptop
not at his home and didn't log into all
of his social media
it wouldn't matter if the hacker sees
what he's doing so if he were to access
it in like a starbucks
then he could dump all the bitcoin into
his account but even though bitcoin is
relatively anonymous and doesn't require
any verification to set up
it's still traceable you can see to
which wallet the bitcoin went
here is where you would have to use
something called a bitcoin mixer or
blender
and this is just for entertainment
purposes and i don't recommend that you
actually do this
so a blender is almost like a pool of
cryptocurrency where you can put in your
dirty stolen bitcoin
these get mixed up with a bunch of other
bitcoins and then you get a bunch of
random bitcoins out of the pool
these are clean and untraceable this way
matthias wouldn't even need to steal the
laptop
he sees the account transfers the funds
makes it untraceable and walks away a
millionaire
leaving the hackers without any useful
information this would be the ultimate
way to beat the movie
by the way the crypto wallet for some
reason doesn't have two-factor
authentication
so with the saved password alone he's
able to clean out the entire account
then mathias gets more messages from
eric haddam or nora c
he writes that he's at the location
where mattai said he'd bring the laptop
and nothing's there
he decides to ignore the messages for
now and suddenly aj has a realization
as to where to find some of the more
interesting content in the untitled
folder
of course matthias led by his morbid
curiosity follows his instructions
and sees a video of a girl being fed
what looks like dog food then there's
another one where a person is about
to get a tub of acid poured on them and
one final clip of a girl stuffed in a
barrel
so i think most of us wouldn't want to
be any part of this
and instantly call the police or get rid
of it i mean how does this
enrich your life you might be interested
in the money that's understandable but
not the videos
if one of my friends brought this laptop
into my apartment
i'd be like get that thing out of here
and as we'll discuss later this would
save
all of our characters as it's really the
videos that must get deleted
for them to be safe they should perhaps
realize that they're messing around with
a large criminal network
this is their last chance to walk away
from it and not suffer
any consequences but of course they
don't do any of that and investigate
further
they watch the last clip in the folder
which is of a man breaking into a
woman's bedroom
they figure out that she's probably the
next victim and will be abducted
the girls convinced them that they must
do something and report it to the police
but seeing what these guys do regardless
of what the group wants to do next
they should not discuss it over skype
they just saw that the hackers can crack
unsecured wi-fi signals like matthias's
and steal people's personal information
and look through their webcams which all
of them are using
also the titles of the videos show them
that this is being done
in the neighborhood where most of them
live no look at those addresses
that's here that's the ones on the east
side on top of that one of the criminals
is already talking to matthias
on the laptop that can easily be traced
being just a little bit more careful
here and talking on a phone
rather than what would be a hacked
webcam can really help out a lot
especially for matthias since he's the
one with the hacker's computer
so finally they decide to call the
police something they could have done
like 20 minutes ago when that guy
started asking for murder videos
but then matthias mutes everybody and
logs into his facebook to go on a video
call with his girlfriend
yes he's currently dealing with
kidnappings millions of stolen dollars
criminals threatening him and people
demanding snuff films
seems like the perfect time to fix a
relationship everybody hold on
the missing girls have to wait because
my girlfriend is texting
me dude anyways when he picks up amaya
is still in the shower
then a dark figure comes on screen and
writes some messages to matthias
saying that he desperately wants his
laptop back and this is kind of a
strange scene
because if the guy wants his laptop back
why does he go to amaya
wouldn't he go to the person who
actually has his laptop
so the hacker shows matthias's phone and
it's revealed that he has remote access
to his computer he then tells him that
he'll trade amaya for
the laptop she can't know what's going
on and must go to his apartment
nora will trail her and when she arrives
at his doorstep
mathias will give him the laptop but
something doesn't add up here
the same guy who is so serious about his
privacy that he hacks the maya's camera
let safari remember all of his passwords
the folder with the evidence was not
even password protected and the login to
the macbook itself was so
simple that pentas could crack it in
about a minute
none of this makes any sense this could
let matthias know that these guys have
to be messing with him
or they might just be the worst
criminals in history but what's most
important to remember is that this guy
can cimatize his screen
and he wrote that if any one of his
friends leaves the skype call or they
call the police
they die back in their meeting everyone
is still really anxious
nori tells them that he should go to the
police with her which can't happen
so he convinces them that it's sort of a
real life game
and what he should do right now is
rejoin the call from his phone
the computer hasn't done him any good so
just leave it
there are no rules that say that he
can't he even does this in the last 5
minutes i think
but why not just do it here then he
mutes the call again and convinces amaya
to come to his apartment
he rejoins skype and looks up the
address from the last video
it belongs to erica dunn and she's
really missing he realizes that it's the
same account messaging him
on facebook here matthias makes a
crucial mistake
we see that lex gets a call from her
mother and walks off
therefore leaving the call this means
that if she doesn't quickly return she's
going to be targeted by the hacker
it's what he wrote in the messages it's
not like matthias doesn't take the rules
seriously
as he was freaking out when damon wasn't
there no no no we didn't
we need damon david
so if matthias would have stopped
looking up articles of erica dunn
which does nothing for him anyways he
could easily see lex not in the room
and since everyone must remain on the
call to live it should be matthias's top
priority to get them all to stay
damon then asks how he handles all the
decisions since there must be countless
options for the players to make
and what would happen if for example
they would steal all the money in the
bitcoin wallet
this gives matthias an idea he goes into
the account and steals all the money and
drops it into his own wallet
sort of as insurance to make sure that
the hacker holds up his end of the deal
if everything goes well he gets the
money back the hacker then calls him to
have an
honest talk about how stupid that
decision was and it was a pretty
terrible idea
because matthias has absolutely no
leverage stealing the money makes no
sense because the criminals already know
his location
name and who his friends are he just saw
that they broke into amaya's house
so they could probably go to any one of
his friends or his house and kill him if
he really wanted to
the plan is even more flawed because the
hacker can see the email and password
that he uses for his bitcoin account
because the thing is set up on the
macbook
as we can see he uses a suggested
password that is plainly visible on the
computer
the same screen the hacker has remote
access to so the criminal can just go
right into matthias's wallet and take
all the money back then matthias is even
more screwed than before
what makes this so painful is that this
happens after matthias is shown
that the guy can see his screen
transferring the money is one of two key
mistakes along with keeping the videos
after taking all the money he lets the
hacker know that i'll only get it back
when erica dunn the kidnapped girl on
the video is safe
why why does he care so much about a
stranger for all he knows she's already
dead
is saving one person he doesn't know
really worth the cost of his own life
and all of his friends and erica duns
since the guy can just go back into the
account and take back the money
matthias really needs to think before he
acts anyway this is when everything goes
from bad to worse he goes back into the
skype call and now he questions if the
game is real
and it's clear that he's being very
evasive and dodging the questions
after nori gets even more suspicious one
of the sharing users goes onto their
skype call
then a bunch more people join and a
video link is posted into the chat
without clicking on it the clip starts
playing it's a photo montage of lex and
the sharon's getting her address
following a video of her being thrown
off a roof by a guy in a sweater
apparently made of christmas lights
this death as we already talked about
was probably avoidable by simply keeping
her on the call
and there was a lot of time between her
walking off and her being thrown off the
roof
if matthias would have paid more
attention in the skype call and not to
his half-baked plan of stealing the
money
he could have noticed pretty early that
she's not there then matthias sees that
the hacker lost the remote connection
since the subway that amaya is taking to
his apartment is in a tunnel
since the hacker is in the same subway
following her he too has no connection
matthias uses the few seconds he has
without nora c
watching to reveal that the whole thing
is real
he says that he has been pretending
because if anyone knows or if anyone
left the hacker would kill them
his reasoning for revealing the truth is
that the man following amaya has no
connection
but he already saw that there are other
people capable of listening
in and the connection of these guys is
still stable
so the other sharons just saw that
mathias let everyone know that it's real
thereby breaking the rules
i think mathias justifies this decision
by thinking that the other sharons don't
care if he breaks the rules
only that nora c can't know which would
also be wrong
he saw that lex was killed by someone
who isn't nora that's because he's in
the subway with amaya
and unless he can teleport more people
are in on it watching to see if the
rules are broken
and here by the way aj makes a pretty
good point about something they should
have perhaps realized earlier
oh my god guys they're not just gonna
let that evidence float around
anyways when amaya regains her
connection they pretend to know
nothing but they're acting super
suspicious unless the hacker is pretty
stupid
he can probably guess by their shocked
facial expressions that something
changed
and here even if their plan of tricking
the hacker would have worked
there is still one small mistake made by
matthias
once the hacker is back online mathias
writes damon a message saying
do you think they hacked the subway
great question by the way
but he would only send a message like
that if damon knows the truth
and since the hacker has remote access
to his screen
he saw him typing that and therefore can
easily figure out that matthias let them
in on what's really going on
the other sharons then decide to target
the next person
this time it's aj they show them another
video where they take a bunch of clips
from his social media and create
a really weird sounding message it has
him saying that he's going to
i don't know like shoot up a mall or
something the sharons then call the
police
and play this audio for them i am sick
and tired
of all the corruption i'm gonna pack up
all my assault weapons and explosives
go downtown to the mall and have some
fun first of all how anyone took that
call seriously is beyond me
they may as well have taken the audio
from google translate that would sound
just as believable
but somehow the police still came with
numerous armed officers they storm his
house and aj goes to the stairs with his
hands up
the hackers then play a gun loading
sound effect on his speakers which
prompts one of the officers to kill him
it is really strange that he got shot i
mean how can a person with both hands up
and nothing in them possibly hold a gun
and since the police instantly shot him
they must have been looking at him with
his hands up do they think he's loading
a shotgun with his feet
now at the end it's revealed that the
person who shot him was probably in on
the game
and this would make aj's death
unavoidable unless matthias would do any
one of the
15 things outlined earlier after it's
clear that he's dead
nori runs away trying to reach the
police before the hackers can get to her
which is a pretty selfish move i mean if
you run to the police to be safe
but leave your wife to be at home isn't
it obvious that they're instantly going
to kill her
they already saw that the sharons hacked
into their computer
so they can probably get their location
too sonori makes it onto the subway
before these sharons intervene
they then give serena nori's fiance a
choice
she can save nori or her mother who's
lying in the hospital dying of cancer
after not choosing anyone they both get
killed and so does she
after that matthias runs off to a secret
place where he signed amaya to go
but he's still on the skype call with
his phone so he's good damon then tells
whoever stole watching that he's been
screen recording the whole time and he
will expose them
he then also figures out that everything
they did so far was meant to happen
so that the sharons can frame them for
kidnapping erica dunn
they moved the money and copied the
videos which makes it look like the
group killed her for the bitcoins
so if they would have deleted the videos
at any point they would be safe as there
wouldn't be a reason to kill them
since they can't frame them for the
kidnapping then they couldn't get away
with it since they require mathias's
friends to be involved in a crime to
stage their deaths
otherwise the police will investigate
and try to come after the sharons
mathias then gets a call from amaya and
it's revealed that the hacker sent her a
fake message telling her to go to a
building where they can abduct her
we then cut back to damon and see that
he's also been killed
then there is the final act the sharons
hold a vote on whether or not to let
matthias live
after the time is up it gets voted that
he should die big surprise
seconds later he gets hit by a van i
think it's very strange that he didn't
hear it though
i assume that the van isn't electric so
you could notice the engine coming down
the street
matthias does have headphones in but
he's not listening to any music he only
had them in to stay on the skype call
so he should be able to dodge the van
and maybe even get away alive
okay so that's how you can beat
unfriended dark web by the way
some methods that i outlined wouldn't
necessarily save anyone since it's
really about
not transferring the money and deleting
the videos but i just thought it would
be interesting to point out their
decision making process
as almost all choices they make are
seriously flawed
anyways i really hope you liked it see
you in the next one
bye guys